{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;}
{\info
{\author Ralph Seichter}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17520\viewh14300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Welcome to GnuPG for OS X / macOS\

\f1\b0\fs28 \
\cf2 Important:\cf0  Public key encryption is a sensitive matter. Before jumping into the installation section, please make sure to verify that the files you downloaded are intact, unmodified, and were indeed published by the GnuPG for OS X project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
(1a) Verifying disk image signatures\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Each installer disk image (*.dmg file) is accompanied by an OpenPGP signature (*.sig file) created by the project maintainer. If you already have a previous version of GnuPG installed, you should verify disk image's integrity in a Terminal window by executing the commands shown below.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
  # Obtain public key "Ralph Seichter (GnuPG for OS X signing key)"\
  gpg2 --keyserver keys.openpgp.org --recv-keys 0xEAB0FE4FF793D9E7028EC8E2FD56297D9833FF7F\
\
  # Verify signature\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0   gpg2 --verify GnuPG-2.2.36.dmg.sig GnuPG-2.2.36.dmg\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 The first two commands will download and import the necessary public keys. The third command performs the signature verification. A successful verification will print a message similar to the following:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0   Signature made Thu Jul  7 03:39:26 2022 CEST\
      using EDDSA key EAB0FE4FF793D9E7028EC8E2FD56297D9833FF7F\
  Good signature from "Ralph Seichter (GnuPG for OS X signing key)"\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
If the signature checks out, you can skip to the installation section. If the signature verification fails, do not install the disk image content.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 (1b) Verifying disk image checksums (alternative method, less secure than 1a)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
If you don't have access to GnuPG or other OpenPGP software yet, the SHA-256 sum of the downloaded file can be verified as follows. Open a command shell, e.g. in the Terminal application, then execute command shown below. Make sure to change the disk image name and path if necessary.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0   shasum -a 256 ~/Downloads/GnuPG-2.2.36.dmg\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
Compare the printed checksum with the SHA-256 checksum on the web page. If the checksum does not match, do not install the disk image content. Note that a SHA checksum match only ensures a file's integrity, i.e. that it has not been modified in transit. A checksum does not guarantee that the file was actually published by the GnuPG for OS X project.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 (2) Installation
\f1\b0 \
\
Double click \ul Install.pkg\ulnone  to install GnuPG version 2.2 (LTS), 2.3 or 2.4. Soft links for any previous version of GnuPG 2.x will automatically be removed during the process. Make sure to install on your "Macintosh HD" system disk, because choosing other targets is not supported. Depending on the image version, software will be installed in either 
\f2 /usr/local/gnupg-2.2
\f1  , 
\f2 /usr/local/gnupg-2.3
\f1  or 
\f2 /usr/local/gnupg-2.4
\f1  .\
\
\

\f0\b (3) Converting keyrings\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 If you have pre-existing keyrings which you do not intend to use with GnuPG versions 1, 2.0 or 2.1 any longer, it is recommended that you convert your keyrings to the new GnuPG 2.2 format. This will speed up operations. The drawback is that your keyring is no longer compatible with GnuPG versions older than 2.2.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 To convert an existing pubring.gpg file to the new keybox format, a helper tool is provided. Execute\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0   /usr/local/gnupg-2.2/bin/convert-keyring\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
in a command shell, replacing the version number in the path if necessary.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\
(4) License
\f1\b0 \
\
GnuPG and all its parts, are licensed under the GNU Public License and/or the Lesser GNU Public License. See \ul License.txt\ulnone  for details.\
\

\f0\b \
(5) Useful links
\f1\b0 \
\
GnuPG home page: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gnupg.org"}}{\fldrslt https://www.gnupg.org}}\
GnuPG for OS X / macOS project: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sourceforge.net/projects/gpgosx/"}}{\fldrslt https://sourceforge.net/projects/gpgosx/}}\ul \
}